hey guys how's it going it's me Richard
playing for the public we gonna do the
first impressions on the Microsoft arc
keyboard I just got this today so let's
check it out so I went the shops that I
buy a new keyboard and I ended up buying
this Microsoft arc keyboard and I
couldn't stop to think that it resembled
this one right here I mean not by
appearance but by style I mean obviously
Microsoft went with something sleek
looking thin but the other thing that
didn't get is this runs on Bluetooth and
this runs on USB now if you look the
picture see I took even the box itself
resembles some sort of Apple like you
know boxing now saying that you know I'm
not hating on Microsoft for anything but
it's just sort of funny just to see how
the packaging of the box you know does
resemble something unique which you only
find me in Apple products now saying
that the keyboard is a very nice sleek
also looking keyboard and that's the
that's the reason that's also the reason
why I went with this you know I needed
something portable that you know I can
just chuck away in the corner but not
something also too big you know which
you know ended up me even though putting
in the corner by still taking up a lot
of space now you know what you get in
the box also is basically instruction
guide no software installation because
it just works off the USB right there
now one thing that's really impressive
it's a magnet you know so you can just
stay there there's no you know case for
or anything now but also the other thing
which got me thinking is you know it was
Logitech who first went from the old you
know USB dongles to the old unifying
ones which I think Microsoft is going
down that path also now they work there
pretty simple but they're easy to also
lose I mean saying that I did wish it
was bluetooth but then again most
keyboards now these days are going with
these micro USBs we just connect and
just work no no
with connectivity I'm not too sure if
that's for battery or you know who knows
but saying that the keyboard is a very
nice sleek looking keyboard now if
you're taking a look already you will
notice that it doesn't have any arrow
keys and it all works off this one right
here now you do have to push down pretty
hard to go left right up and down now
also the other thing I've been looking
at reviews on these keyboard and people
say it's not a great keyboard for you
know gaming but I thought myself do do
these people actually play games do they
know that it's WASD like not the arrow
keys who plays with arrow keys
but anyways nevertheless I did play a
game using the arrow keys and it wasn't
too hard it was a little bit fiddly you
did have to press it a little bit harder
to sort of recognize but it worked
nevertheless it's the saying that this
keyboard isn't made for gaming as you
can see where have the positioning of
the keys are more you know for economic
type of typing now in the box also you
don't get any software now it does just
work with plug-and-play
which is a great thing but if you did
want to customise the keys or the f1
keys or anything like that you do have
to install the software now the software
can be found on the Microsoft web page
which I'll post a link down below if you
do actually end up buying the arc now
the other great thing it works with Mac
and PC most keyboards already or mice
you know if you just plug and play into
a Mac computer it just works already it
just helps to have some sort of software
to back it up with just in case
something goes wrong
or if you want to sort of just you know
change the keys about so I'm great
grateful that you know Microsoft does
cater for that one thing I wish
Microsoft did it would have been the
icing on the cake with this keyboard if
it was backlit now I know if it was
backlit it would have raised the price
you know maybe another $20 $30 more but
it's something that I think this
keyboard would stand out with you know
having a backlit keyboard and something
this more obviously you know it will use
a lot of power but
I think it'd look great what don't you
think then let's just pull off first
impressions are we can using this
keyboard about you know about two hours
now two or three hours and I must say
it's something you know no difference to
the Bluetooth keyboard I have here
pressing the keys is very easy you know
I don't find myself sort of punching it
or anything like that so that's the
Microsoft you know arc keyboard right
there
tell me what you guys think catch you
guys later
you